chore: Added mount docs (#87)
c6o/docs: content/concepts/mount.md

# Mount

The primary concept behind Mount is to allow developers to locally mount cluster volumes in their local workstation so that their local code can read or write to these volumes.

## Use Case

Mount is complimentary to Teleport.  Since your local code may need to read from or write to volumes in the cluster, Mount one or more of your remote volumes in your local workstation.  Without Mount, you would need to stub out or synthesize storage read or write operations in your code to make it run properly.  With Mount, there's no need to do this and you can access these remote volumes locally.

## Overview

> Mount works by creating an intermediate proxy for the service to inspect traffic and determine if the request should be directed to the original in-cluster service, or tunnelled to a developer's local machine.

Reviewer: I think this is intercept  ;)

```suggestion
Mount works by creating an lightweight NFS server in-cluster that mounts and shares all the volumes of a workload you choose.   Via the NFS server, your local system is then mounts any of these volumes locally for you to access.
```
